the Federal Reserve is about to unleash
an inflationary Supernova According to
some you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you what's going on
in 2024 that we've got to understand
because if interest rates are cut if
inflation resurges Our Lives will be
turned upside down you thought 2020 into
2022 that inflation was bad my goodness
2023 went further and of course what we
can expect for 2024 could actually be
much worse we are actually letting our
guard down when you see what's happening
here in the United States there's an
election year you know that the
government itself is going to try to do
everything it can keep those gas prices
low keep people in their jobs they're
going to cut student debt as much as
they can they will increase taxes where
they can knowing that they're trying to
buy time they want to make sure that
this can happen for at least another
year they got to do what they can right
now though we can see that rate cuts are
on the table but that could present
itself with a big issue March is a big
thing June July time frame is a big
thing and I'll get into that today first
things first you could see this year
will be dominated by rate Cuts what's
set to happen with borrowing cost of
2024 Market expects that in the first
quarter of 20124 the Federal Reserve is
going to cut other central banks are
going to cut and they're not the only
ones to do so
of course we can look right here it just
talks about yeah Brazil did it Czech
Republic did it a few others did it as
well um looking at it you know we would
see that there's been a big change
already that's it's kind of turning in
the other direction once the Federal
Reserve does their first cut then the
whole world is going to look at that and
say okay here we go because the Federal
Reserve is the US dollar and we need to
understand that the whole world relies
on that us dollar it's the Monopoly it's
the reserve currency and the value of
that US dollar is going to affect the
value of all other currencies these are
traded against each other and that's
really important the expectation by many
is that the Federal Reserve is going to
start cutting interest rates and that is
going to further weaken the dollar so
it's going to bring the dollar down in
relation to other currencies they will
get stronger and then trade balances
will be you coming into the picture I
personally like when the US dollar is
really strong because when you live
outside of the United States it's nice
to get an extra bonus on your paycheck
you know what I'm saying okay looking at
this the FED could slash rates below 3%
to maintain notoriously difficult soft
landing and that's the thing so we'll
we'll see what happens are they going to
actually cut are they going to see
inflation resurge some are saying
inflation will in fact research I'll
cover that in a second but this article
is talking about what I covered in
previous videos fed president Lori Logan
one of the aspects that needs to be
understood is that the Federal Reserve
is trying to prevent what happened in
2018 to summarize basically they started
tightening they were going through this
policy Janet Yellen was there and she
said it's going to be like paint drying
it's going to be boring boring and it's
going to be something that you can
expect all right step one step two step
three and this didn't make the market
happy even though everything was laid
out there it was understood reserves
dropped to a level that they deemed was
too low the market said no we don't like
it and suddenly it was a big freak out
they started reversing and they were
doing not QE okay they called it not QE
unofficially and that wasn't was a big
problem and the whole Market started
going into this Topsy Turvy thing and it
was crazy okay that was 2018 they're
trying to prevent the same thing
happening today and long story short
June July time frame is looking like the
at this time anyway the most likely
stage at when quantitative tightening
stops if quantitative tightening stops
that is again part of this big imagine
like steering a ship the pivot it's like
steering a huge ship not turning
yourself not you as an individual
turning not a football player doing a
pivot we're talking about a big ship so
you're going to start turning that wheel
and it's going to take a long time for
things to move and that's what's going
on here that's what's going on in the
economy that's what's going on with the
Federal Reserve it's a big thing so the
first thing to do is project that at
some point you're going to do it that's
the first thing and then you start doing
quantitative tightening then you start
doing interest rate cuts and so on you
could thank the FED not repaired Supply
chains for falling inflation according
to a think tank now I wanted to mention
something here okay um looking at that
you'll see what they said inflation
hasn't been influenced by supply side
trends according to a think TK now let
me mention something here so you can go
off and you know look at these other
people out there that will just they're
purely academic or they just read the
news they have no idea what's going on
okay they're YouTubers that's their
profession but for myself I know what's
going on and I know that all of my costs
increase every single one of my costs
increased okay so when I look at the
shipping cost increase yes that did
happen input costs all of the input
costs the employees they needed more
money the warehousing costs went up as
well shipping I said that you look at
the raw material cost that went up fees
okay on the platforms that I use those
went up one by one by one so what do you
think that does of course that has an
impact and the times involved the you
know the the prices that I had to pay
was was pretty incredible anyway
everything's up so yeah that that did
have an impact from 2020 and on but
let's not IGN
the Federal Reserve devaluing the
currency but it's not just the FED as
they say here in the second Point
instead inflation was mainly caused by
fiscal policy and reversed through
interest rate hikes now I'm not so sure
I would agree with the second part of
that but the point is yeah if you're
going to hand money to everybody if
you're going to do Cash for Clunkers uh
well over a decade ago now if you're
going to do all these you know tarp
bailouts
that creates inflation but it doesn't
just happen the next day but let's take
this extreme example because I know
there are some out there that will say
when you print money you don't create
inflation okay well let's just say you
printed a whole bunch of cash let's call
it a trillion dollars why not a
quadrillion dollars and just handed it
out to everybody federal reserve prints
that cash the digital cash and gives it
in everybody's bank account what would
happen What would happen to the price of
everything well now you could go out and
you could buy anything you wanted you
could buy a hundred of anything you
wanted but that would of course create
an issue where suddenly they are going
to increase the price of everything
because now it's so easy to get cash you
see everything's so Affordable Services
would increase like crazy too oh I know
you could afford it I'm going to charge
you a 100 times more do you see that
that's what happens so the same thing
happens with the fiscal with the
quantitative easing all the same thing
they're devaluing the currency in One
Direction or another don't get hung up
on where is it coming from they're both
doing it inflation could see a
Resurgence and investors expecting a
perfect outcome for the economy this
year may be disappointed that's
according to Black Rock the best friend
of the government and it is true that we
could see a researches the only question
is why and you know is it because they
start cut interest rates quantitative
tightening stops they start printing
money like is that why or is it because
of supply side you know situation is it
because of oil who knows that's really
the question the the fact that it can re
resurge of course of course it can this
is just to show that the Federal Reserve
they're all basically on the same page
when you look at their Dot Plot or what
they call
Se that just shows that they're ready to
see
inflation U come down at this point and
so they'll start to cut rates in the
near future that's all all right Wall
Street is trying to nail down the timing
of the fed's QT taper what you need to
know is that June or July time frame
becomes the most likely time okay why
why June July well because of the things
that have been happening I cover this in
maybe a video like two two videos back
but what's going on here is that the
Federal Reserve has these different
programs in place and the expectation is
between March and between that June July
time frame that we're going to have a
lot of changes and as a result
quantitative tightening comes up and
maybe maybe just maybe they're going to
stop it if they don't stop it I really
think they're going to Signal when the
end of that will come one of those
programs that is set to expire in March
is the
btfp or the bank term funding program
and what's the point of this well it was
put in there as an emergency measure to
bail out the banks or give a Lifeline to
the banks when svb Silicon Valley Bank
and the others started to fail so they
put that in they said hey it's one year
but what's happening now is these
companies are simply going in there
they're
borrowing and they're borrowing money
from the FED right and then they're are
borrowing from the bank term funding
program getting it at a cheap rate and
then parking it at fed and getting the
difference getting the split or the
spread so they're just using it as a way
to make some money they're not they
don't need a Lifeline so they could end
this program right now if they wanted to
the FED because they're not using it
because of a Lifeline okay uh
interesting to see where things have
gone anyway the point here is that what
we will see is a big change in
2024 come March and then that summer
time frame so on this channel I will
give you all the details anybody in my
finance Friday class is going to get
everything they need to know and of
course on the Sunday lives that's where
we talk about the real solution and that
is being able to have your own source of
income to get that income coming from
multiple sources multiple currencies
multiple platforms multiple places so
that you've got income coming from you
know more than you could ever imagine
and you're scaling it on the back of uh
other businesses that's the whole point
okay I hope you appreciate this if you
want to find out more there will be a
link in the description the money GPS
live okay I I hope you'll check it out
read through the page um if you've have
already I've made a little bit of
changes to it so click that link so you
can see it for yourself if you don't
mind hit that thumbs up button on the
way out because that's how you support
this channel I don't ask for other
things just a thumbs up that's how you
do it and of course I'll see you
tomorrow take care